# Kickstarting with Excel

## Overview of Project
The project will be done in two sections, by launch date and fundraising goal. Deliverable 1 will seperate theater data out and displays change of successful, fail and canceled along the months, and presents which period of year would be most prominent to fundraise. Deliverable 2 approaches with the fundraising goal of all plays data recorded. In this stage, all plays data is sorted within 12 level of targeted fundraising goal and presented with the percentage which level of goal request could be feasible for Louise’s play __Fever__.
### Purpose
The purpose of this project is to examine target fundraising amount for Louise’s play __Fever__ using previous data. Two approach to this purpose are sorting date with launch date and goal which can give when to and how much Louise should fundraise. 
## Analysis and Challenges

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date
Launch date analysis is done by data sorted with parental category 'theater' and including all year period in our data set. May to june shows highest transaction in number whereas November to January was lowest. What I focused is the fundraising that has been done successfully during May to June because the number of fundraising failure are mostly consistance throughout the year remaining between lowest 30's to highest 50's. However, successful rate in May and June was significantly higher compare to failed or canceled funds. The other point we need to avoid is December. The proportion of successful fundraising to failed fundraising is low and the total number of transaction itself is low as well. In December, not many start fundraising and nearly 50 percent of all request is failed. 
### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals
Analysis of outcome based on goals is based on 'plays' dataset in subcategory collecting and dividing all successful, failed and canceled cases into 12 levels. Since we couldn't find canceled case in our dataset, successful and failed cases show somewhat asymmetric linear pattern until before $30000 to $34999. Percentage of successful when the goal is lower than $1000 was 76% whereas only 24% failed fundraising. However, when the size of fund rises till $30000 to $34999, only 3 cases were successful whereas 8 cases failed. We can conclude the fund raised before $34999 level have higher successful rate as the amount of fund is smaller. 
Since the number of cases after $15000 to $19999 level is significantly smaller compare to less than $15000, we can draw that most fundraising is done in between $1000 to $19999, and the risk of success and failure fluctuate as the goal grows. The last two level of the chart, $45000 to $49999 and greater than $50000, shows extreamly small proportion of success 2:14 that presents most cases where the goal is bigger than $45000 are not feasible most of the time. 
### Challenges and Difficulties Encountered
Challenges I found while interpreting Analysis of Outcome Based on Launch Date was that it is hard to bring connection with why reality function in this way. We can tell which month would be most safe to request fundraising, but not know why or the factors that could effect decisions. I infered the seasonality could effect the play in theater that May and June have more demand for summer time, and low demand at December.
Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals have skewed number for cases where total projects at $1000 to $4999 was 534, but it drops to 20, 5, 11 and 6 to 1 at the $45000 to $49999 level. I found it difficult to conclude these small sample numbers as a trend or propriate analysis. Although I cannot conclude 1 additional success in higher goal level is proportionately significant in overall analysis, but I could conclude most of plays are done in low budget and the cases where the plays goal goes over $20000 is extreamly small. 
## Results

- What are two conclusions you can draw about the Outcomes based on Launch Date?
Two conclusion I can get from outcomes based on launch date is successful rate of proposal in May and June is significantly higher than the other months, and December have lowest case number over all months where successful and failed cases are almost even. 
- What can you conclude about the Outcomes based on Goals?
Most cases of play fundraising is done under $10000, and this levels have highst success rate compare to other area. When the goal increases to $15000 to $19999, the number of success and fail got even and eventually successful rate start to decline. There are cases after this intercepting point, but the number of cases are small, and the ratio fluctuate where it makes hard to conclude with higher goal. 
- What are some limitations of this dataset?
Launch date dataset is well distributed and showing continuity, but hard to interpret the factors that affects beside than seasonality. On the other hand, the cases in goal dataset is highly right-skwed and hard to draw meanings when it comes to larger fundraising goal. 
- What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
I think comparing same form of table and graph in U.S version with Great Britain and see which could be more feasible. In other region could have more stable dataset that we could infer conclusion out and compare which place tend to be more successful. 